!!!HEROKU
	user_friendship mailer not functioning
	 #false
  #true
  config.consider_all_requests_local       = true
  config.action_controller.perform_caching = false

FEED
	Public
	My Feed

DEVISE
	ADMIN
		edit status *DONE*
		edit album *DONE*
		edit photo *DONE*
		edit user *DONE*
		ADMIN statistics page
	ERROR MESSAGE HELPER
		registration errors *DONE*
	FORGOT PASSWORD
		not set up correctly *DONE*
		need to update re-direct link to proper url in production *DONE*
	ROUTING
		

STYLING
	PHOTO
		Show page needs work
	
!!!STATUS
	!!!Show styling	
 	Need to update the status_index view to prevent users from deleting other users posts *DONE*
 	Require JSON/AJAX when posting new status.  Don't need show page. *DONE* changed redirect_to path
 		
FRIENDS
	Users can friend themselves *DONE*
	Need to add JSON/AJAX *DONE*
	Draper gem - edit.html.erb sub_message
	Send email invite

!!!PROFILE
	AVATAR
		Use Uploader? 
	!!!VIEW


PHOTO
	Paginate *DONE*
	Commentable *DONE*
	Voting
	Public / Private
	Testing
	Performance - cache on view all page
	Default Name *DONE*

SEARCH
	simple search

SITE

ROUTE
	pretty links
	
!!!EMAIL
	SERVER
		Send email as background task *DONE*
		!!!config production action mailer
		!!!update user friendship email messages - add links to profile
	EMAIL BLOG
		Set up initial email

GRID-A-LICIOUS
	Clean up the javascript

UPLOADER
	Review docs on scaling and re-sizing

SECURITY
	Remove mass-asignment of user_id from photos and statuses

	
	Running `rake db:migrate` attached to terminal... up, run.3316
DEPRECATION WARNING: You have Rails 2.3-style plugins in vendor/plugins! Support for these plugins will be removed in Rails 4.0. Move them out and bundle them in your Gemfile, or fold them in to your app as lib/myplugin/* and config/initializers/myplugin.rb. See the release notes for more on this: http://weblog.rubyonrails.org/2012/1/4/rails-3-2-0-rc2-has-been-released. (called from <top (required)> at /app/Rakefile:7)
DEPRECATION WARNING: You have Rails 2.3-style plugins in vendor/plugins! Support for these plugins will be removed in Rails 4.0. Move them out and bundle them in your Gemfile, or fold them in to your app as lib/myplugin/* and config/initializers/myplugin.rb. See the release notes for more on this: http://weblog.rubyonrails.org/2012/1/4/rails-3-2-0-rc2-has-been-released. (called from <top (required)> at /app/Rakefile:7)
DEPRECATION WARNING: You have Rails 2.3-style plugins in vendor/plugins! Support for these plugins will be removed in Rails 4.0. Move them out and bundle them in your Gemfile, or fold them in to your app as lib/myplugin/* and config/initializers/myplugin.rb. See the release notes for more on this: http://weblog.rubyonrails.org/2012/1/4/rails-3-2-0-rc2-has-been-released. (called from <top (required)> at /app/Rakefile:7)

_________________________________________________________________________________

Album **DISCONTINUED**
	PICTURE
		Album Picture 
		Expandable Photos *DONE*
		Must be logged in to view albums *DONE*
		Should albums be scoped to users and their friends
	UPLOAD
		Verify file type
		Verify file size
		Verify file exists
		cropping
		converting photo format
		automatically add name (filename) if none is inputted
	TESTING
		Many tests failing
	VIEWS
		Update with simple form (album & photo)
	SEARCHABLE FILE STRUCTURE
		See wiki

